Distortion

Behringer UM300 Ultra Metal Effects Pedal
19.99
The Behringer UM300 stakes a claim for being the most versatile distortion pedal on the market. The EQ shaping options are a step above most similar units with a sweepable mid boost/cut which allows you to flick back and forth between old school mid-scooped metal tones and much fatter, doomier mid-heavy sounds. This is complemented by the astonishing amount of gain this pedal can dish out. I'd wager the Ultra Metal has more gain than any player needs, but feel free to put this to the test. Always better to have too much, than not enough!

SubZero Forge Metal Distortion Pedal
24.99
The SubZero Forge Metal Distortion Pedal tightens your playing with high-gain saturation for a thick, aggressive metal tone. Metal guitarists require extreme distorted tones with precise articulation for both chugging riffs and fast runs, the Forge Metal delivers in abundance.

Mooer MDS6 Solo Distortion Pedal
49.99
The Mooer MDS6 Solo Distortion Pedal provides extremely high gain distortion that works exceptionally well with soaring leads and solos. The Solo's sounds are versatile and can be adaptable to use with any amplifiers or cabinets. The MDS6 delivers excellent dynamics, with crystal clear definition and response for a distortion effect with good bite, grind and crunch. With 4 simple controls, the Mooer Solo Pedal's tone can be shaped to your own style, by using the Mode Switch, Level, Tone and Gain controls. The Mooer Solo Distortion pedal offers even further sculpting as it can also be used in 3 different modes which consist of Natural, Tight or Classic. With True Bypass, the MDS6 Distortion preserves its tone by eliminating any signal interference when the pedal is not in use.


Reverb

T-Rex Creamer Reverb
89.00
The T-Rex Creamer brings incredibly versatile depth and air to your sound. It can deliver subtle space around your tone, or ethereal dream-like ambience. You don't have to get lost in sub-menus or unfamiliar parameters, and the compact footprint is unobtrusive on your pedal board. With three different reverb types of Spring, Room and Hall, you have a wide range of tones at your fingertips in a simple to operate unit with enough room for tweaking to find your ideal sound.

JHS Pedals 3 Series Reverb
99.00
Full, rich and expansive. The JHS 3 Series Reverb pedal enables you to experience that magical, all-encompassing reverberation which takes your music to the next level. The controls may look minimalistic, but they allow for wonderful reverb shaping. Enhance the lower frequencies to achieve a sound that is packed full of warmth and depth, or increase the higher range to project a beautifully bright tone. Whatever your preference demands, the JHS 3 Series Reverb pedal will have you covered with quality design and sublime tone.

Fender Marine Layer Reverb
105.25
The Marine Layer Reverb has 3 types of reverb, with each reverb consisting of 2 variations for maximum versatility. The pedal can deliver Hall, Room, and 'Special' reverb sounds; so, whether you like quick slap-back effects, subtle room sounds, spacious ambient floods of sound, or even the ethereal 'shimmer' reverb effect; the Marine Layer Reverb pedal can provide everything you need. The Marine Layer Reverb has a rugged and lightweight aluminium chassis with a classy brushed metal finish. Along with the amplifier 'jewel' indication light, this pedal has a 'boutique' aesthetic and can take pride of place on your pedalboard. The pedal also has a clever magnetic latching battery compartment door, meaning you don't need screws to change the battery. With its rugged construction and versatile circuit design, the Marine Layer Reverb is a professional and highly versatile pedal that can provide a wide range of ambient sounds for your many different musical requirements.


Modulation
SubZero Choir Boy Chorus Pedal
24.99
The SubZero Choir Boy Chorus Pedal allows you to thicken your tone with luscious, fully-analog chorus. Give your tone a distinctive edge with this iconic effect - 'Come As You Are', 'Welcome Home (Sanitarium)', and even 'Get Lucky' are all defined by their use of chorus. The Choir Boy delivers this angelic effect in an intuitive manner. It also pairs beautifully with a range of other pedals, particularly dirt pedals, where it's a useful tool to gently thicken your distorted sound. The simple layout makes it remarkably easy to dial in your ultimate chorus sound and add depth to your tone.

TC Electronic JUNE-60 V2 Synthesizer Chorus
59.00
The TC Electronic June-60 V2 Synthesizer Chorus pedal is the sequel to the legendary pedal which came before it. It creates a sound you'll never forget. Prepare to be amazed by a swooshing, scintillating, seductive synth effect which will turn your guitar or keyboard into a synth machine. For such a simple, two buttoned device, it gives your tone a super sharp edge and creates a blossoming, powerful synthesizer chorus effect at the press of a switch - and it boasts a wealth of new and improved features to help you expand your tonal arsenal.

TC Electronic Viscous Vibe
85.00
The TC Electronic Viscous Vibe Pedal is a fantastic new vibrato/chorus effects pedal which provides unique and psychedelic sounds in a compact and versatile pedal. With a mission statement to re-create the iconic Shin-El Uni-Vibe used by the likes of Jimi Hendrix but in digital form TC Electronic has absolutely nailed it. Also featuring innovative TonePrint compatibility the Viscous Vibe can further extended its tonal versatility with a range of artist and advanced tones available through the free iOS/Android app or downloadable software.





















